.TH fit 1
.SH NAME
fit \- filesystem issue tracker, manage plain text issues directories
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B fit
[\fB\-\-help\fR \fIcommand\fR]
.IR command \fR[options] ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B fit
manage plain text issues directories with git and hg (mercurial) using Filesystem Issues format.
.SH CONFIGURATION
.\
.PP .fit.yml contains values that change the way fit behaves.
.\
.SH OPTIONS
.\
.PP Each command has a help subcommand with further details.
.\
.PP Status/reading commands
.\
.TP
.BR list \fR[\fIid\fR]
List existing issues, all or a subset with one of several types of identifiers.
.TP
.BR find \fR[\fIid\fR]
Search issues for a tag, status, priority, or milestone
.TP
.BR env
Show settings that fit will use if invoked from this directory
.TP
.BR pwd
Prints the issues directory to stdout (useful subcommand in the shell)
.TP
.BR version
Print the version of this software
.TP
.BR help \fR[\fIcommand\fR]
Show help for all commands. If a command is provided show just that command's help.
.\
.PP Issue editing commands:
.\
.TP
.BR create \fR[\fI\-n <title>\fR]
Report a new issue and open the default editor for Description. If -n is provided the text is used as the title, Description is blank and no editor is launched.
.TP
.BR edit
Edit an existing issue
.TP
.BR tag
Tag an issue with a category
.TP
.BR identifier
Set a stable identifier for the issue
.TP
.BR relabel
Rename the title of an issue
.TP
.BR close
Delete an existing issue
.TP
.BR status
View or edit an issue's status
.TP
.BR priority
View or edit an issue's priority
.TP
.BR milestone
View or edit an issue's milestone
.TP
.BR import
Create local issues from other issue trackers
.\
.PP Version control commands:
.\
.TP
.BR commit
Commit any new, changed or deleted issues to git or hg
.TP
.BR purge
Remove all issues not tracked by git or hg
.\
.PP Other commands:
.\
.TP
.BR roadmap
Print a list of issues sorted by milestone

